perf: add fast path to vim.validate (#28977)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/lua.txt

      • https://www.lua.org/pil/20.2.html

vim.validate({opt})                                           *vim.validate()*
    Validate function arguments.

    This function has two valid forms:

>     1. vim.validate(name: str, value: any, type: string, optional: bool)

Author: https://github.com/neovim/neovim/pull/28977/commits/d5d7079557607d124b1d51d90b2e851c1c35104c

    2. vim.validate(spec: table)

    Form 1 validates that argument {name} with value {value} has the type
    {type}. If {optional} is true, then {value} may be null. This form should

>     be preferred for simple cases.

Reviewer: Would we want to mention that it won't work with "callable" because this path does not use `vim.is_callable`?

Author: Mentioned in https://github.com/neovim/neovim/pull/28977/commits/d5d7079557607d124b1d51d90b2e851c1c35104c

Author: (and slightly reworded in https://github.com/neovim/neovim/pull/28977/commits/717d170ae0dc753cbb5fac18be0e535c7489d5ae)

      • https://www.lua.org/pil/20.2.html

vim.validate({opt})                                           *vim.validate()*
    Validate function arguments.

    This function has two valid forms:
    1. vim.validate(name: str, value: any, type: string, optional?: bool)
    2. vim.validate(spec: table)

    Form 1 validates that argument {name} with value {value} has the type
    {type}. {type} must be a value returned by |lua-type()|. If {optional} is

>     true, then {value} may be null. This form should be preferred for simple
>     cases.

Reviewer 2: should we hint that form 1 is faster?
```suggestion
    true, then {value} may be nil. Performance is comparable to assert().
```

Author: feec3da5dcc742ba42a552c3549ccaf02f569ba8
